---
title: "FAQ"
published: true
permalink: FAQ.html
tags: [blog]
---
---

## FAQ's

**Q1.	Can a person be instructor and learner with different ID?**
**Ans.**	Yes, a user can use 2 different Email IDs to be an Instructor and learner in a course.

**Q2.	Can we define course in category?**
**Ans.**	Yes, anything can be defined in Category from backend for specific Account.

**Q3.	Who assign learner & instructor to a course or Assessment?**
**Ans.**	An Admin is responsible for all the user assignment in the application.

**Q4.	Can Instructor assign learner?**
**Ans.**	As of now yes. But this feature will be limited to Admin only, in future.

**Q5.	Can we put web link in upload type Content Unit?**
**Ans.**	Yes, there is an option of putting notes for every Content Unit, where you can put Web Links for references.

**Q6.	How to upload a Hindi or Indian Language Document?**
**Ans.**	Please follow the Instructions provided on the below link.
http://docs.ednirvana.com/ed-web/instructormycourses.html#hindiindian-languages

**Q7.	How many questions can be added in a Test?**
**Ans.**	There is no limit of questions to be added in a test.

**Q8.	Can instructor delete any question?**
Ans.	No, Instructor can only edit Questions.

**Q9.	How to describe the correct answer for “Ordering” type of question?**
**Ans.**	Please enter the answers in the sequence they are supposed to be, the options will be shuffled when served to the learner.

**Q10.	How to describe the correct answer for “Pairing” type of question?**
**Ans.**	Please enter the answers in the sequence they are supposed to be, the options will be shuffled when served to the learner.

**Q11.	How to describe the correct answer for “Fill the Gap” type of question?**
**Ans.**	Please enter the correct answer as the first option and then the options will be shuffled while being served to the learner.

**Q12.	Can Instructor create a Course/Test/Survey/Assignment?**
**Ans.**	No, an Admin can create and assign it to the Instructor. Although the Instructor can create Tests/Surveys/Assignments in a particular Course.

**Q13.	Can Instructor control the content of a course visibility for a learner?**
**Ans.**	Yes, they just need to mark check box “Visible for Learner” while creating the course content
